README.md, before:

sweet-alert-rails-confirm
=========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mois3x/sweet-alert-rails-confirm.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/mois3x/sweet-alert-rails-confirm)


A Rails confirm replacement with SweetAlert

depends on https://github.com/t4t5/sweetalert

So you need to Install:
    gem 'sweet-alert'

Or the latest with:
    gem 'rails-assets-sweetalert' # Using https://rails-assets.org/ 

## Requirements
Rails >= 3.1

## Usage

Using ```gem 'rails-assets-sweetalert'```

application.js:

```javascript
//= require sweetalert
//= require sweet-alert-confirm
```
application.css:

```css
/*
 *= require sweetalert
 */
```

Using ```gem 'sweet-alert'```

application.js:

```javascript
//= require sweet-alert
//= require sweet-alert-confirm
```
application.css:

```css
/*
 *= require sweet-alert
 */
```

### Custom options


You can pass options in `data:`
```Ruby
 data: {
  confirm: 'Are you ready?'
  :'confirm-button-text' => 'Im ready',
  :'cancel-button-text' => 'No way',
  :'confirm-button-color' => '#66CD00',
  :'sweet-alert-type' => 'info',
  text: 'This is a subtitle',
  :'image-url' => '/pic.png'
}
```

![Custom confirm](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/5833678/4653700/14389916-54b0-11e4-9850-14ee970e9345.png)

## Contribute

Fork the repo & pull request you fix/feature

append `RAILS_VERSION=4.1.2` or whichever you target before your `bundle` command ex: `RAILS_VERSION=4.1.2 bundle install`

please add/modify test examples on fix or features

Commit message:

Update readme with default options description

README.md, after:

sweet-alert-rails-confirm
=========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mois3x/sweet-alert-rails-confirm.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/mois3x/sweet-alert-rails-confirm)


A Rails confirm replacement with SweetAlert

depends on https://github.com/t4t5/sweetalert

So you need to Install:
    gem 'sweet-alert'

Or the latest with:
    gem 'rails-assets-sweetalert' # Using https://rails-assets.org/ 

## Requirements
Rails >= 3.1

## Usage

Using ```gem 'rails-assets-sweetalert'```

application.js:

```javascript
//= require sweetalert
//= require sweet-alert-confirm
```
application.css:

```css
/*
 *= require sweetalert
 */
```

Using ```gem 'sweet-alert'```

application.js:

```javascript
//= require sweet-alert
//= require sweet-alert-confirm
```
application.css:

```css
/*
 *= require sweet-alert
 */
```

### Custom options


You can pass options in `data:`
```Ruby
 data: {
  confirm: 'Are you ready?'
  :'confirm-button-text' => 'Im ready',
  :'cancel-button-text' => 'No way',
  :'confirm-button-color' => '#66CD00',
  :'sweet-alert-type' => 'info',
  text: 'This is a subtitle',
  :'image-url' => '/pic.png'
}
```

![Custom confirm](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/5833678/4653700/14389916-54b0-11e4-9850-14ee970e9345.png)

Can you set default options that will be used for the hole application so it is not nessecary to set the option on each link. Put this object inside your app to override default options.

```Javascript
var sweetAlertConfirmConfig = {
  title: 'Are you sure?',
  type: 'warning',
  showCancelButton: true,
  confirmButtonColor: null,
  confirmButtonText: "Ok"
};
```

## Contribute

Fork the repo & pull request you fix/feature

append `RAILS_VERSION=4.1.2` or whichever you target before your `bundle` command ex: `RAILS_VERSION=4.1.2 bundle install`

please add/modify test examples on fix or features
